"In Rath," the priest said, "there is even greater need for prayer."
"Prayer rarely explains." —Orim, Samite healer

"Carry war to the Dauthi, no matter the way, no matter the world." —Soltari battle chant
"Children of the Ruins, raised to be warriors, know that life begins when another speaks their names." —Soltari *Tales of Life*
"In times of war the victors rarely save their best for last." —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
"Dauthi blood is soltari wine." —Soltari Tales of Life


"They have knives for every soul." —Lyna, soltari emissary

"The dauthi came from beneath the ruins one night, and the darkness cast them in the best possible light." —Soltari Tales of Life

"The Dauthi believe they dignify murder by paying for it." —Lyna, Soltari emissary

Merfolk tell their young of Dandân, humans of Rag Man. Dal tell tales of the Dauthi, and they are far worse.
In their twisted logic, to empty the shadow world is to escape it.
"All dauthi are jackals, regardless of breed." —Lyna, soltari emissary

"I got it! I got it! I—"
"Torahn's horns! They've seen us. Now, statue, you must fight to save yourself!" —Tahngarth, aboard the Predator
The evisceration of one mogg always cheers up the rest.
They'll attack whatever's in front of them—as long as you tell them where that is.
As they crept into the *Weatherlight*'s hold, the squad leader held up his hand and whispered, "Stop, goblins—what's that sound?"
Behind every great mogg bomber is another mogg with a shovel and a basket.








Eating is all it knows.
A bristling wave of slivers broke against the Weatherlight's timbers.
"Everything around here has cut a deal with gravity." —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
The air was filled with the cracks and snaps of flesh hardening as the new sliver joined the battle.
Bred as living shields, these slivers have proven unruly—they know they cannot be caught.
Mogglings have been known to play ball with hibernating slivers, completely unaware of their true nature.
The first sliver burst against the cave wall, and others piled in behind to deepen the new tunnel.
When the clever counterfeit was accepted by the hive, Volrath's influence upon the slivers grew even stronger.
"A jigsaw puzzle that lives, breeds, and thinks." —Hanna, *Weatherlight* navigator
"Keep them at sword's length!" Gerrard's order fell flat as each sliver's talon suddenly grew longer. "Hold on—break out the polearms!"
Spans of spines leapt from one sliver to the next, forming a deadly hedge around the Weatherlight.
"They share more than their thoughts. We must shatter their link quickly!" —Hanna, to Orim
Gerrard looked all around for the source of the mysterious pulse, and at that moment the slivers boiled forth from the crevasses.
"One would think I would be accustomed to unexpected returns." —Hanna, *Weatherlight* navigator
"We are kinfolk," explained Karn to the sliver queen. "Just as you need your progeny to complete you, so do I need the pieces of the Legacy to make me whole."
Her children are ever part of her.
"Rage is the only freedom left to me."
"Sir, I just thought . . . ," explained Vhati. "Don't think," interrupted Greven. "It doesn't suit you."
"I am light. I am dark. I must give my life to serve; not even death can release me."

"Full of beauty and grace, with a predator's instincts . . . Although she wanders, I have always thought Mirri belongs in Llanowar most of all." —Rofellos, Llanowar emissary
"Was that *it*?" —Ertai, wizard adept
"I know to whom I owe the most loyalty, and I see him in the mirror every day." —Starke

"We have been patient. We have planned our attack. We are ready . . . *now*." —Eladamri, Lord of Leaves

The bower shuddered. The stillness broke. The scurf shifted, and a being emerged from the flowers and ferns.
"It is our duty to endure." —Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Not even the elves truly know the Skyshroud Forest. The rangers are merely the best equipped to handle its uncertainty.
The elves and merfolk have nothing but bitterness for each other. The trolls, however, find them both rather tasty.
"We were not made for war. Like flowstone, Volrath shaped us to it." —Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
In Rath, arrows are guided not by virtue but by necessity.
They make terrible pets ... unless you don't like your other pets.
These are its last days. Better to grow broad and heavy. Better that the enemy is crushed beneath its carcass.
"Relative of yours?" Ertai teased. Mirri simply sneered.
The first morning after acquiring her familiar, the wizard awoke with fleabites and mange.
"Remember the moral of the fireslinger fable: with power comes isolation." —Karn, silver golem
"Where I come from, stone stays on the ground." —Tahngarth of the Weatherlight
When the first of these giants woke from the bedrock, he was still sleepy. He yawned and stretched until his legs grew so thin that they snapped like icicles in the sun. —Vec lore
The Furnace of Rath is periodically illuminated by their sparkling yawns.
Flowstone troops are notoriously difficult to keep in formation.
Once these horrifying creatures were perfected, there was no need for armodons.
"Remember the fable of the elf who came upon a cave of gold. In trying to free the largest piece, she was crushed by its weight." —Karn, silver golem
Reinforcements . . . or refreshments?
"Once you create perfection, what else is there to make?" —Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi machinist
"It is the nature of evil to turn you against yourself." —Starke
The ceiling and the floor fell in love, but only the wall knew. —Dal saying
"The injury was being caught between this world and our own; the insult was to find walls within." —Lyna, soltari emissary
"Our belief shall be the lance that pierces Volrath's heart."
Only a matter as vital as destroying Volrath could bring together the reclusive kor people.
The kor forsake roots for the winding of the path, forsake voices for the silence of the mind, forsake all else for the poverty of isolation.

Nearly all sets of Kor twins are trained as lancers.
Death free throat from thirst, mouth from speech, feet from earth. —Kor requiem
"Faugh!" snorted Tahngarth. "Why would it make a meal of something like you?" Squee looked relieved. "No," he continued, "you'd make a much better toothpick."
"You see our world when you shut your eyes so tightly that tiny shapes float before them." —Lyna, to Ertai


"They are 'between' in every way." —Lyna, Soltari emissary
They drift in and out of shadow and ever on toward madness.
"Ill luck and poor geography caught the Thalakos between us and the Dauthi." —Lyna, Soltari emissary








Wrap the flame as twine, Kingdoms will be thine.
The moans of the Death Pits were underscored by the chattering of imps, for whom the ship was cause for much discussion.
"Not again." —Hans
The thunder of its hooves beats dreams into despair.


"My family protects all families."

"We plant the seeds of doubt to harvest the crop of wisdom."

"The humans are useful in their way, but they must be commanded as the builder commands the stone. Be soft with them, and they will become soft." —Radiant, archangel
An angel's blessing prepares a soldier for war better than a thousand military drills.
Serra told them to guard Urza as he healed. Five years they stood.
If only every message were as perfect as its bearer.
"Opposite Law is Grace, and Grace must be preserved. If the strands of Grace are unraveled, its design will be lost, and the people with it." —*Song of All*, canto 167
"Life's balance is as a star: on one point is Law, and Law must be upheld. If the knots of order are loosened, chaos will spill through." —*Song of All*, canto 167
"Next to Grace is Reason, and Reason must be retained. If the web of Reason comes unwoven, madness will escape." —*Song of All*, canto 167
"Next to Law is Duty, and Duty must be obeyed. If the frame of Duty is broken, none shall weave life's fabric." —*Song of All*, canto 167
"Above them all is Truth, and Truth must be set free. If the wings of Truth are clipped, the voices will fall silent." —*Song of All*, canto 167
There are only two rules of tactics: never be without a plan, and never rely on it.
At the first sign of enemy scouts, Jula grinned and strapped on his diplomacy helmet.
"I wrecked your metal guy, boss. But look! I made you an ashtray."
A mother only a child could love.
"Take the sharp metal stick and make a lotta holes." —Jula, goblin raider

Years of attempts have brought the goblins no closer to growing a sausage tree.
Dorik was unshakably confident, having learned medicine from the finest butcher shops in Yotia.
Be it ever so crumbled, there's no place like home.

"Goblins build with true zeal—and anything else within arm's reach."
Finding an unexplored world, they immediately set it on fire.

Keldons divide all their spoils into two groups: trophies and catapult ammunition.

"If there isn't enough of Jamuraa left to stand on, I will still claim it for Keld." —Latulla, Keldon overseer
They fight beyond thought, beyond fear, and beyond mercy.

"The past is buried for good reason."
"You guys go on ahead. I'll catch up with ya." —Vark, goblin scout, last words
"It moved this way, an' that way, an' then before I could stick it, it jumped over my head an' was gone." —Jula, goblin raider

To strike down the phoenix is to slash at the flame.

A dragon's scale can be carved into a mighty shield, provided you can procure a dragontooth to cut it.
"The final stage of the illness: delirium, convulsions, and death." —Phyrexian progress notes
Phyrexia wastes nothing. Its food chain is a spiraling cycle.
"The third stage of the illness: muscle aches and persistent cough." —Phyrexian progress notes
"The second stage of the illness: high fever and severe infectiousness." —Phyrexian progress notes
"The first stage of the illness: rash and nausea." —Phyrexian progress notes
They exist to cease.

With limited resources and near unlimited time, Kerrick used parts from one beast to build another.
Being one would be an honor, if the word "honor" had any meaning in Phyrexia.
Although the abuse was initially effective, the troops soon became numb to it.
After encountering them, Squee finally lost his appetite for bugs.
"They are bred to suffer and born to die. Much like humans." —Gix, Yawgmoth praetor

You can swat a thousand gnats, but a thousand more will assail you.
"Ash is our air, darkness our flesh." —Phyrexian Scriptures
"The skirges screech along with the bone saw. It makes a terrible racket, but they seem to enjoy it." —Keskit, the Flesh Sculptor
The imps' warbling cries echo through Phyrexia's towers like those of mourning doves in a cathedral.
"This monstrosity will do—for now." —Davvol, Evincar of Rath

"Great Yawgmoth moves across the seas of shard and bone and rust. We exalt him in life, in death, and in between." —*Phyrexian Scriptures*
Hunger is a kind of madness—and here, all madness flourishes.
"To make peace with the forest, make peace with me." —Multani, to Urza


Her roots connect her to the forest's wishes.

Each time the saw blade bit, the tree spat it out.
Anywhere else, colossal. In the forests of Yavimaya, commonplace.
"Few natural forces are as devastating as hunger." —Kaysa, elder druid of the Juniper Order
"It is our third day of travel on the Yavimaya River, and still these creatures plague us. Davin Lansson, our naturalist, has facetiously labeled them 'gnats,' and the name has stuck." —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Mother, sleep / Dream our lives Our roots your soul / Our leaves your bed.
Titania rewards all who honor the forest by making them a living part of it.

"The forest has as many eyes as leaves." —Mirri of the *Weatherlight*

Each pluck of the strings breaks the hold of the unnatural on the world.
Before Urza and Mishra came to Argoth, the herders prevented their creatures from stampeding. During the war, they encouraged it.
"From Gaea grew the world, and the world was silent. From Gaea grew the world's elves, and the world was silent no more." —Elvish teaching
Sharpen your ears —Elvish expression meaning "grow wiser"


In Argoth, the shortest path between two points is the one the swine make.

"As a great whale dies, it flips onto its back. And so an island is born." —Mariners' legend

"Always a welcome sight breaking through the clouds." —Talrand, sky summoner

Guarding the ship is the Thornwinds' first concern. Getting along with the locals ranks fourth or fifth at best.

"At this rate I fully expect to be replaced by a clockwork golem by year's end." —Barrin



Garbage in, treasure out.
The Cho-Arrim fought Mercadia's decadence with more than just swords.

Two days after the forge was completed, the faeries were immune to its flames.
"My grandmother once told me the future of our world was inside the Weatherseed. When I touched it, I knew she was right."

Rayne once made several unkind comparisons between the bird's naked opportunism and Urza's.
Gatha survived as long as he did by giving all Keld's predators exactly what they wanted.

The king of Yavimaya's waters pays constant attention to his subjects . . . and thrives on their adulation.



The perfect antidote for a tightly packed formation.


"It's no challenge to master a Mercadian."
Closing time comes earlier to some than to others.
Her commands are part rallying cry, part sermon, and wholly undeniable.
"Give me your hand and I will give you victory."
The Cho-Arrim believe in leading by example.
"Cho-Manno guides your spirit. I guide your sword."
The Cho-Arrim fell from the sky onto Mercadia City like a vengeful rain.



"The Mercadians are too busy looking down on us to see us coming." —Cho-Arrim rebel
Once you learn to float on the shadows, you'll never fear them again.
"Best leave your tongue in its yap-hole, Mercadian scum, for your silvered words and golden bribes do not sparkle so brightly outside your city."

Its mortar is mixed with waters straight from the Fountain of Cho.
Every Cho-Arrim villager is a potential warrior; when they are called, they abandon their peaceful way of life and take up arms to defend it.

The Cateran guild prefers to call them "public relations."

Recruits aren't always volunteers.



Even when recruitment is slow, the guild can always cook something up.
They feed on the living to stay undead.

His drums echo Deepwood's heartbeat.
They'd guarded the Henge so long that they were as attuned to the powerstones as they were to the trees.
A single tantiv is just as dangerous as a herd.
"Tonight, madam, it's your money *and* your life."
The view is truly spectacular—as long as you don't look at Rishada itself.

The bigger the purse, the greater the fool. —Rishadan saying
"The best things in life are free. Money, for instance."
Within the walls of the floating city, Saprazzan wealth is like Saprazzan water: abundant, free-flowing, and accessible to all.


The Saprazzans excel at both tactics: hit *and* run.
Some quick dagger work and then back to the sea—that's the Saprazzan way.
"Mercadia's masks can no longer hide the truth. Our day has come at last."
He doesn't know why the Cho-Arrim fight the Mercadians, but he's happy to bash heads for them anyway.


"Some goblins are expendable. Some are impossible to get rid of. But he's both—at the same time!" —Starke
Her blade draws blood without ever touching its target.
"Guaranteed to leave your enemies sufficiently stabbed, bitten, cleaved, or exploded." —Grezkrick's Emporium motto
"I will build no sanctuaries. The safety you seek can be won only by the sword." —Yannash, outpost builder
The goblins made an unruly pile with military precision.
"The old gods awoke and sent fingers of fire to see what was left of the old ways under the endless city." —Daiva, Gruul storyteller
They turn geological upheaval into tactical advantage.
"What's better than smashing things with a rock? A rock that gets up and smashes things for you." —Toggo, goblin weaponsmith
Airborne flowstone isn't less dangerous, only less common.
The rebels assaulted the wall, never suspecting the wall would assault back.
They leave a trail of ash and sorrow.

Proximity guarantees injury or death.
The screams are brief. The silence lingers.
They don't feed; they stoke.

Three moggs, one treasure, too bad.
Three little goblins, enjoying their brew. One bumped an ogre, and then there were two.
While armies battled across Jamuraa, beasts stalked the high places looking for victims.


There's little advantage to surprising the gahr.
A progenitor of tadpoles and allergies in equal measure.
"The thunder of hooves is music to my ears."
Nature twists knots stronger than any rope.






Successful delivery is *not* guaranteed.
"Go ahead. Take it. You'll be so very powerful . . . and what harm can it do?"

One distracts the victim, the other extracts the valuables.
"Life is a game. The only thing that matters is whether you're a pawn or a player."
"I pass to you all we have ever been. Go forth and become all we never could."

The same spears that catch their food today will defend their homes tomorrow.
Just as each added feather steadies the wing, so does the flock grow stronger with each new member.
In a world still pained from burns, some are born already scarred.

"Power, gold, crackers—every bird has its price." —Chainer, dementia master
"I once saw a single barbarian charge a band of twenty nomads. I've seen some crazy ones, too." —Nomad sentry
Experience is a good teacher, not a kind one.

Long ago, birds of paradise littered the skies. Thanks to the city's sprawl, most now exist as pets of society's elite.
"He spoke with the tongue of Angels; we fought with the strength of lions." —Handel, infantry soldier
It took all its strength to contain the fire within.
For them, the only honorable death is one that leaves a crater.

Heart of fire, blood of lava, teeth of stone.

She died in this swamp, and so will you.
"Home is where you can find a decent graveyard and strangers can disappear without awkward questions."


"Clerics give up when their patients die. Can I help it if I'm more compassionate?"

"Ah, a faceshredder. Very rare. Nearly unstoppable. Good luck!" —Cabal instructor
It's easy to tell the difference between the devious cephalids and the trustworthy ones. The trustworthy ones are dead.
Cephalids value the free exchange of ideas—except for the "free" part.
Cephalids don't police people. They police loyalties.
"Amazing, isn't it, what humans will throw away when they're drowning?"
Cephalids whisper flattery in your ear, put jewels in your hand, spin dreams in your head, and stick knives in your back.
The more they survey the dreadful dry expanses, the more the cephalids thirst to tame them.




"War glides on the simplest updrafts while peace struggles against hurricane winds. It is the way of the world. It must change."
"I guess what they say is true. What doesn't kill you makes you stronger. Or at least stranger." —Captain Eberhart


Although the Order frowned upon his preparations for the pits, behind closed doors most saw the fights as a necessary evil.



His victories speak for him.
"The Dauthi army grows by screams and bounds." —Lyna, Soltari emissary
Her eyes blaze with the strength of twenty shields. Every glance is a salvation.
The relationship between hunter and hunted knows nothing of alliances.
His battle cry unleashes an avalanche of dwarves.

Any given foothill may hide dozens of dwarves waiting to spill from their tunnels like fire ants.
"I will return / with lizard skins for your sandals. Paint your eyes black and wait for me." —"Love Song of Night and Day"
Some things even fleas won't bite.
Boros soldiers are like a cache of bombs ready to explode, and the flame-kin light their fuses.
"For dim-witted, thick-skulled genetic mutants, they have pretty good aim." —Sisay, captain of the *Weatherlight*

Not dryad, centaur, or avatar but life itself.
"Anyone can snap her fingers and yank a soul. I prefer to kill creatively." —Braids, dementia summoner
"When the Ancestor saw the cruelty her human children were capable of, Her fury shook the world. From this outburst sprang the warthogs." —Nomad myth
"Glory was gone; Glory was everywhere." —*Scroll of Beginnings*






"Let's play 'sled.' Here's how it works: you're the sled."
For some reason, goblin fighting school isn't as crowded on day two.
Not since the days of Pashalik Mons have the Rundvelt goblins been so united or effective.
"Fools dig for water, corpses, or gold. The earth's real treasure is far deeper."


Scholars possess such lofty knowledge that it shouldn't be surprising when they fall.
He doesn't slow until his spear is weighted with corpses.


She enraptures all, encompasses all, endures all.
In times when freedom seems lost, great souls arise to reclaim it.
"My mind has changed. My strength has not."

She'd have a fearsome reputation if she left any survivors.
Those who see the squirrels go underground in the winter aren't ready for what emerges in the spring.

When it walked, it altered geography. When it bellowed, it changed the weather.
"It's a slithering, coldblooded menace. I've gotta respect that." —Braids, dementia summoner
"Sit."
You know it's coming when you hear the distant thunder. You know where it's been when you see the path of broken trees.




It turns prey into predator.
Chainer's dark gift to a darker soul.

"I am the holy wind that shall avenge the Cabal's victims."

"Another failure," grumbled the toymaker. She slammed the door with such gusto that she failed to notice the eyes watching her.
Even after a false god tore the magic from Dominaria, power still radiated from the Mirari sword that slew her.

Nomad youths aspire to one of two roles in the tribe: priest or warrior. Their secret dream is to become both.


"Every seed holds strength and teaches patience."
Unanswered prayers are themselves answers. —Nantuko teaching
Plant a field with wishes, and you will grow more wishes. —Nantuko teaching
"The soul sheds light, and death is its shadow. When the light dims, life and death embrace." —Nantuko teaching
That which grows without roots cannot be uprooted. —Nantuko teaching

In life, the nantuko study nature by revering it. In death, they study nature by disemboweling it.

Your past is a map to where you will go. —Nantuko teaching


One thread connected all the travelers' stories: the ferocity of the mongoose.
If you can take something from a nomad, it's probably bait.
On the wild steppes, history vanishes in the dust. Only the mythmakers remain to say what was, and is, and will be.

"I'll call you Reginald, and you're Mimi, and you're Tank, and you're Bobo..."

Otaria's epidemic of insanity didn't affect certain barbarians—but no one noticed.
"We've been taught that strength is everything. So how can an alliance with the strongest be a betrayal?"
"I've heard of putting the cat out, but this isn't what I had in mind." —Nomad sentry
He gets to the point right away.
"Punch and drag, Toss the slag, Sift the soil, Leave the spoil."
"The best way to teach is by example."






Some find inspiration in their swords. Others find it in their leaders.

"That's the funny thing about free will. You don't feel any different without it." —Ambassador Laquatus
When in doubt, stomp.
"All we know about the Krosan Forest we have learned from those few who made it out alive." —Elvish refugee
Nothing is sacred to rats. Everything is simply another meal.

Nomads understand many cultures and therefore travel without fear.

Wracked with rot, it wrecks and ruins.



"Survival of the fittest is not only the law of the pits, it is the law of nature. That is why I fight."

"Our unity conquers all fears."
He was born of the Mirari, thrust out of his homeland before he was even aware. Left without purpose or meaning, he found both in the pits.
"I am as the wind that bears me: harsh yet gentle, fleeting yet ever-present. Together we fly beyond imagination."

"Their spirits walk the winds and fill my soul."
"Surrender your soul to me."
A shadowy version of its corporeal cousin, this lynx hunts souls, not meals.

An army of squirrels is still an army.
In the treetops, unseen by many, lurks chittering, skittering death.
Each Stormscape apprentice must hand-raise and train an owl before attaining the rank of master.
The spirits of fallen battlemages can serve their guilds as familiars by joining with any physical form.
The light of reason follows them even into battle.

Blessed with many options, Thornscape masters favor scarabs as familiars.
Thinking is hard.
The first memory it sucks out of its host is how to get rid of it.
Thunderscape masters release familiars to help guide their apprentices down the thunderscape path.
"We've survived starvation, dwarf attacks, and heatstroke. Why should a little sandstorm bother us?"
Balshan wizards have long used them to gnaw away the memories they wish to forget.
The Mirari twisted all that lived in the Krosan Forest into gross mockeries of their former selves.
At home among the swaying, supple branches of the treetops, some scouts live their entire lives never touching ground.
Crian's patrols afford him plenty of opportunity to take potshots at the "dirtwalkers" far below.
It's no coincidence that the oldest trolls are also the angriest.

The calm comes after the storm.
"The cracks widened, the shell crumbled, and Valor spread throughout the land." —*Scroll of Beginnings*

Teroh dreams of his enemies' doom.

She stands as a living symbol of the natural world and an enemy of the forces that threaten it.
"I will fight only the way nature intended—and nature intended us to win."
"My eyes are my strongest feature."

He exercises his right to bear arms.
It teaches *you* to play dead.
"The awestruck birds gazed at Wonder. Slowly, timidly, they rose into the air." —*Scroll of Beginnings*

Jevna Nor lugged it around, bragging of his triumph over the wurm. Luckily, the tavern regulars didn't notice it was only a baby tooth.
Legend speaks of the lost coastal polis of Olantin, whose inhabitants' hubris enraged the sun god Heliod.
"We have faced horrors of war and terrors beyond imagining. We will overcome the uncertainties of this new life."
He represents what little pride the Order has left.
"You are weak. I am strong. The protocol is obvious."
"There's no 'I' in 'team,' but there's a 'we' in 'weapon.'"
The Mirari called to the centaurs, and all who heard it were forever changed.
The least popular goblins get the outer caves.
The hand of death recognizes its own.

"The rabble likes them. Make sure they win, then book them for tomorrow." —Cabal Patriarch
On Innistrad, Liliana embraced necromancy, honing her powers by practicing on scores of undead—and sometimes the living.
"I will wield the stone of my homeland as though it were the fists of the Ancestor."

"Share your devotion with me."
Dragons erupt from peaks of chaos and flow from rivers of molten rage.
"Our lives are woven together like the trees' branches over our heads, forming a canopy that protects us all."

In life, it was a fetid, disease-ridden thing. In death, not much changed.

"I've got this under control! Probably!"




"It is not yet time."

"The good news is, we figured out how the wand works. The bad news is, we figured out how the wand works."
The goblin word for "flying" is more accurately translated as "falling slowly."
"Let's play 'sled.' Here's how it works: you're the sled."
Modo was great at making friends . . . into shields.
It's drawn to the scent of screaming.
"Channel your vitality through me."


Light's champion in the stronghold of darkness.

You know it's coming when you hear the distant thunder. You know where it's been when you see the path of broken trees.
Only leonin clerics who can survive the Razor Fields for one turning of the suns can stand in the Cave of Light.
The strongest of the pride are measured not by the steel in their hands but by the steel in their souls.
No one under the four suns can elude the watchful eye of the den-guard.
"The wisdom of the elders is just as much a weapon as a sword or spear. We must learn to wield it." —Ushanti, leonin seer
Her instinct is as sharp as her blade.
The skyhunters were born when the first leonin gazed at the heavens and wished to hunt the birds overhead.
"I may be kha, but without my soldiers, my people, I am nothing." —Raksha Golden Cub
The commander tells the troops where to go, but the standard reminds them why they're there.
The Auriok believe that in the hands of a loxodon, no weapon can be broken.
Elder mystics take their vow of silence so seriously that they impose it on any who enter their presence.
The loxodons believe punishment comes in two steps: pain and atonement. They carry a weapon for each.
Devotion, the second myth of reality: The faithful are most hurt by the objects of their faith.
Trust, the fifth myth of reality: Every truth holds the seed of betrayal.
Familiarity, the first myth of reality: What you know the best, you observe the least.


Conviction, the third myth of reality: Only those who seek the truth can be deceived.
Taking the form of a junior researcher, the first sliver slipped out of Riptide.

It may wear your face, but its mind is its own.

Fellowship, the fourth myth of reality: As the tides of war shift, so do loyalties.
Plague and death wrapped in one convenient package.


"The Skirk Ridge has many wonderful things to discover—like escape routes." —Foothill guide
"I gave it two choices: life in the lab or death in the hunt."
The wizard consulted the Riptide Project about how to further his research. He wasn't prepared for what they told him.
Those who lead others to wisdom become the wisest themselves.

It wants you to be its chum.






Its only predators are the elements.
"My priests swore loyalty to the Cabal not until death, but beyond it." —Cabal Patriarch

"I order you to volunteer."
He's boss because he's smart enough to get out of the way.

Once the goblins thought about it, they preferred being atop a slateback to being in front of, behind, or underneath one.
Deep beneath the ruined continent of Otaria, there's a mine where goblins still work, ignorant of the destruction above.
In a shaman's grimy hands, a concoction of dried Skirk Ridge herbs can become the face of panic.



"I'll take the patrol through the hunting grounds. You take the caves. Give me an angry apex predator over those little creepy-crawlies any day." —Oranes, Yavimaya hunter

The insects keep the wurm's hide free from parasites. In return, the wurm doesn't eat the insects.
Efforts to use them as spies failed when they kept reporting to the enemy.
"If you ever want to leave this forest, now's the time."
It doesn't need to use its venom—it just needs you to know it can.

Kamahl left the violence of his former life behind him, but he still believes in the power of muscle.
No matter your strength, the Krosan Forest is stronger. No matter your speed, the Wirewood Forest is faster.
So great is his certainty that mere facts cannot shake it.
It has the strength of seven men. In fact, it used to be seven men.
"The Cabal and the Order really aren't that different. After all, we are both empowered by faith."

"Close your ears to the voice of greed, and you can turn a gift for one into a gift for many."
"Her voice is justice, clear and relentless." —Akroma, angelic avenger
"Your words are meaningless. The rustling of leaves is the only language that makes any sense."
"The land belongs to nature as far as our eyes can see. The higher we climb, the more we can see."
Tall as a tree and probably related.
The goblins laughed as the elf ran away, until more came back.
"Most insects have been drawn to the Mirari. But all that remain in Wirewood are under my care."

"Though you may leave this haven we have found, may our strength never leave you."
"She is truly Wirewood's child now." —Elvish refugee
It drinks fatigue.
Once it consecrated the dead. Now it desecrates them.
The only prince inside this frog is the one it ate.
Measure its determination by the screams of its prey.
"Wrath is no vice when inflicted upon the deserving."

